Btree indexes are deprecated (#1256)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/deprecations-additions-and-compatibility.asciidoc

----
DROP CONSTRAINT name [IF EXISTS]
----

a|
label:functionality[]
label:deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE BTREE INDEX ...
----
a|
B-tree indexes are deprecated and will need migration before upgrading to 5.0.

a|
label:functionality[]
label:deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
SHOW BTREE INDEXES
----
a|
B-tree indexes are deprecated and will need migration before upgrading to 5.0.

a|
label:functionality[]
label:deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE CONSTRAINT
...

> OPTIONS "{" btree-option: btree-value[, ...] "}"

Author: should have this for `CREATE INDEX ...` as well

a|
Token lookup indexes now allow an `OPTIONS` map to specify the index provider.

a|
label:functionality[]
label:deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE BTREE INDEX ...
----
a|

> B-tree indexes are deprecated and will need migration before upgrading to 5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
B-tree indexes are deprecated and need to be migrated before upgrading to 5.0.
```

a|
label:functionality[]
label:deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE INDEX
...
OPTIONS "{" btree-option: btree-value[, ...] "}"
----
a|

> B-tree indexes are deprecated and will need migration before upgrading to 5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
B-tree indexes are deprecated and need to be migrated before upgrading to 5.0.
```

a|
label:functionality[]
label:deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
SHOW BTREE INDEXES
----
a|

> B-tree indexes are deprecated and will need migration before upgrading to 5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
B-tree indexes are deprecated and need to be migrated before upgrading to 5.0.
```

a|
label:functionality[]
label:deprecated[]
[source, cypher, role="noheader"]
----
CREATE CONSTRAINT
...
OPTIONS "{" btree-option: btree-value[, ...] "}"
----
a|

> Node key and uniqueness constraints with b-tree options are deprecated and will need migration before upgrading to 5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node key and uniqueness constraints with b-tree options are deprecated and need to be migrated before upgrading to 5.0.
```
